import { Taster } from "~/taster.tsx";

## Tabletop Roleplaying Games

### Taster Session

We have a taster session coming up! Due to high demand, you might not be able to
choose between all of the games available here (as we may need to split into
multiple groups, each with a portion of the games available). You will however,
be able to play one of the following games:

<Taster name="The Full-Dark Stone" gm="Lucy" pronouns="She/Her" system="Quest" low={4} high={6}>

Strange skeletal undead with crystals inside their skulls and a beastman
dragging a gigantic skull have been seen amassing at a nearby cliffface. Your
party has hired by locals to investigate and make sure their village is safe!
Run using a faced past, beginner friendly, fantasy action adventure system
called Quest.

Content warnings: Depictions of Undead, Violent Animals, Violence, Animal Torture, Magically Enforced Slavery

</Taster>

<Taster name="Paranoia" gm="Jade" pronouns="They/She" system="Paranoia" low={3} high={6}>

Greetings Citizens, why play an RPG where you know the rules and trust each
other when you can instead bask in fear and ignorance in service of The
Computer? Knowing the rules (among other things) is treason, and getting caught
committing treason is punishable by summary execution. You play Troubleshooters
of Alpha Complex, serving an underground "utopia" run by The Computer, which is
under constant threat communist mutant traitors, who are everywhere. It will be
fun. Fun is mandatory. The Computer says so and The Computer is your friend.
Doubting The Computer is treason.

Content warnings: Violence, Dystopia, PvP, generally about fear, ignorance and mistrust.

</Taster>

<Taster name="The Whitefang Wyrm" gm="Allie" pronouns="They/Them" system="Pathfinder 2" low={4} high={6}>

In the bitter cold lands of the Crown of the World, a small village has been
blighted by a mysterious creature that stalks the ice floes and destroys the
locals' boats and fishing nets. Your recently arrived group of adventurers have.
decided to track down the beast. This adventure is run in Pathfinder 2nd
Edition, a slightly crunchier system than D&D 5e, but should feel relatively
familiar to those who've already played D&D.

Content warnings: Violence, Blood, minor depictions of gore.

</Taster>

<Taster name="The Deep Mines" gm="Luke" pronouns="He/Him" system="Homebrew World" low={4} high={6}>

The old Dwarven mines run deep, some say brushing against the core of the world
itself. Long abandoned, they now house all manner of monstrous beings who made
their way in from the surrounding caves, all calling it home. Recently however,
reports of disappearances amongst the surface dwarves and rumours of potentially
long lost treasure hiding down there have called your group of adventurers to
try your luck delving the depths. But will you escape with loot, or will you
succumb to the horrors that lurk down there? This one shot will be run in the
Homebrew World system, a much more narrative and storytelling focused game
mechanically than most TTRPG systems, but with the aesthetics and general goals
of more traditional D&D (explore fantasy lands, delve dungeons, fight monsters).

Content warnings: Violence, Blood, Depictions of Gore and Death, Spiders, Body
Horror.

</Taster>

<Taster name="Bath By Night" gm="Selina" pronouns="She/Her" system="Vampire the Masquerade 5th" low={3} high={5}>

You have been called together as a group of 3-5 neonates, young vampires that
had not been a part of this world for very long and will be sent to recover a
missing artefact which was stolen from the Bath Chantry, a haven dedicated to
the Tremere of Bath. This one-shot will be run using the system Vampire the
Masquerade, a gothic horror game dedicated to social horror with some combat
sprinkled in.

Content warnings: Violence, Body and Psychological Horror, Major Depictions of
Blood and Gore, Loss of Control, Vampirism, Ritualistic Sacrifice, Slavery.

</Taster>

<Taster name="The Vaults of Torment" gm="Alex" pronouns="He/Him" system="MÃ–RK BORG" low={1} high={8}>

A prison ruled by demons and monsters to slake their thirst for suffering. The
only escape is to go down to the bottom level and kill the prison's ruler, the
Dust Angel. You are disposable scum, and will most likely die in the attempt,
whereupon you become a different prisoner.

Content warnings: pending.

</Taster>

<Taster name="Selling Degrees for the Devil" gm="Mari" pronouns="She/Her" system="Stealing Stories for the Devil" low={3} high={3}>

Play as a triad of people from the 39th century who have found their
spaceship unexpectedly back in the 21st century. You need to use your futuristic
powers (which let you lie to reality) in order to fix the anomalies appearing
in this strange ancient version of earth and plan a detailed heist in order to
achieve this without getting yourself killed (or making the anomaly worse).

Content warnings: Minor Violence, Religious Cults, Body Mods.

</Taster>

<Taster name="Summer Feast" gm="Rick" pronouns="He/Him" system="Shiver" low={3} high={6}>

You are tourists in tropical island try to crash a cruise party but something
feels weird. Survival not guaranteed.

Content warnings: Gore, Drug abuse, Human trafficking, Organized crime, Slavery,
Cannibalism.

</Taster>

<hr />
